check out this week's must-see movies
when the creators of frozen comes Moana
a fun-filled family adventure about a
brave girl on a journey to save her
Island really we suspect your wife is a
gem and in the heart racing drama allied
an epic love affair is tested by the
pressures of war what happened to my
kiss the hell are you looking at me so
funny for the Christmas common is back
to lie cheat and steal in the dark
comedy Bad Santa - I know you're not the
Santa but you're still my Santa here's
this week's fan tissa patient
[Music]
so what's your weekend to get going to
be let us know by commenting below see
you next time on weekend ticket
[Music]
[Applause]